## TRALA LAB Website Terms of Use

Last Updated: Apr 1, 2024

We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Service, and any service or material we provide on the Service, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Service is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Service, or the entire Service, to users, including registered users.
<br>You are responsible for both: (1) making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Service; and (2) ensuring that all persons who access the Service through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and comply with them.
<br>To access the Service or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Service that all the information you provide on the Service is correct, current, and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Service or otherwise, including, but not limited to, through the use of any interactive features on the Service, is governed by our Privacy Policy (https://trala.me/), and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
<br>If you choose or are provided with a username, password, or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Service or portions of it using your user name, password, or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
<br>We have the right to disable any user name, password, or other identifiers, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms.

- ### Links from the Service
  If the Service contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Service, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
